Fix spelling and grammar in help, FAQ and style guide pages (#1668)
openaustralia/publicwhip: app/views/help/_style_guide_copy.md

## Write for the web
We take into account how people read on the web when we write for <%= inline_project_name %>. We structure what we write so it can easily be read on-screen and accessed by all, regardless of age and background.

> Anyone can put information online, but writing well for the web is very different. Look at popular information sites like [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/au), [Oxfam](https://www.oxfam.org.au/), [Lonely Planet](http://www.lonelyplanet.com/), or the [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/). You'll see their content is easy to read and understand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone can put information online, but writing well for the web is very different. Look at popular information sites such as [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/au), [Oxfam](https://www.oxfam.org.au/), [Lonely Planet](http://www.lonelyplanet.com/), or the [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/). You'll see their content is easy to read and understand.
```

"like" has several meanings in English, so this seems clearer.

Anyone can put information online, but writing well for the web is very different. Look at popular information sites like [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/au), [Oxfam](https://www.oxfam.org.au/), [Lonely Planet](http://www.lonelyplanet.com/), or the [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/). You'll see their content is easy to read and understand.
They use:

* short sentences
* subheaded sections

> * plain english – this helps people find what they need quickly and absorb it effortlessly

Reviewer: Do we need to expand this to be "plain language", to allow for other Australian languages?

Author: No. Policies are written only in English at this time.

## Use front-loading
Web-user eye-tracking studies show that people tend to ‘read’ a webpage in an ‘F’ shape pattern. They look across the top, then down the side, reading further across when they find what they need.

> So ‘front-load’ sub-headings, titles and bullet points. What this means is: put the most important information first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
‘Front-load’ sub-headings, titles and bullet points. What this means is: put the most important information first.
```
Principles of plain language include that it's better to phrase as instructions

Explain any unusual terms and keep a friendly, informative tone. It’s not a magazine and we won’t be using slang etc. but keep the language easy to understand.
Remember that puns or wordplay can make the content difficult to find.

> Mostly adapted from [Writing for the web](https://www.gov.uk/design-principles/style-guide/writing-for-the-web) and [Writing for GovUK](https://www.gov.uk/design-principles/style-guide/writing-for-govuk) licenced under the [Open Government 2.0 Licence](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/2/).

Reviewer: What was mostly adapted? The subject is missing
